{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DST Programming Challenge Write-up: \
\
In my solution, I was able to get the basic structure of the page up and running. It has all of the basic components that were required, and then some. \
\
In terms of additional aspects that I would have added, given time, would have been to make the chart pull data from the JSON as opposed to me just manually having the data added. I was able to do this for the tables, but I didn\'92t have the time to do this for the histogram. This would require some more computation, but it should be more than doable. \
\
Now, the biggest addition that I would have wanted would have been in the area of design. I needed to make sure that the structure was all there for the page, so that took up all of my time, but I would have loved to take some more time to add some freshness to make an otherwise dull looking page into something alive. Part of my design would have been to make this a single page site, where using the navigation, you would be able to quickly move down the page to the sections that you would want to see. The top would be a DST landing page with a simple design, picture that tells what DST is, and a simple phrase or tag. Using the navigation, the user would be able to move down the page to show the \'93about\'94, \'93results\'94, \'93news\'94, and \'93about us\'94 pages with a lot more detail. \
\
To go along with this scrolling page structure, I would have wanting to give the page a neat color scheme. The grey on the page is the feel that I was going for, but I would like to have some hues of blue to compliment the grey and add some vibrancy to the page. \
\
In order to implement the scrolling page structure, I would have also liked to create a fixed navigation bar at the top of the page (which would have broken the guidelines of the assignment). This navigation bar would remain at the top of their visible window irregardless of how far a user scrolls down. \
\
As for the results page, I would have liked to include more life by including pictures that would depict what the research was covering. This way that tables have something to refer to. Of course, this isn\'92t necessary with programming challenge like this, but that is just the design that I would have liked to go for. }